Star Wars: The Clone Wars - S04E08
The General
Original air date
November 4, 2011
Sync and corrections by Gatto
for www.addic7ed.com
Turning the tide.
As separatists control of a vital
but isolated supply route expanse
Republic forces invade a key planet,
the darken world of Umbara.
and amidst the hoping, Obi-Wan Kenobi's battalion
conquered the Umbaran Capitol.
Anaki Skywalker is
called away to coruscant.
His battalion is temporarily placed under the
command of jedi general Pong Krell--a shrewd
and temperamental leader.
Krell's reckless strategy
forced captain Rex to retreat
with his platoons in a disastrous defeat.
[Screams] [Blasters firing]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
We have to regroup before
those fighters come back.
Rex!
Rex, over here!
Kix take the right flank.
Dogma, take the left flank.
[Groaning]
You'll be ok buddy.
This will ease the pain.
Ugh!
The governor is too fortified.
We need your battalion to help us take it.
Resistance from the Umbarans has
been greater than anticipated.
We're holding our ground at the moment.
We've gathered intel on
an airbase to the west.
It is resupplying the capital's defenses.
Incoming! Incoming!
Get down! Get down!
If you could capture that
airbase, it will sever the
capital's supply lines,
allowing the rest of our forces
to move in.
I'll see to it that the airbase
is placed under our control.
Remember, general Krell, the
entire invasion depends on
your battalion.
Captain Rex, have those
coordinates mapped and all
troops ready to move out immediately.
Immediately. Yes, general.
[Ominous music] ♪
♪
There's a base there all
right, and it's heavily guarded.
At least three tank divisions, plus guns.
We'll advance along the
central gorge and engage their
forces in a full-forward assault.
The gorge is narrow, sir.
We'll only be able to move
up platoons in single squads.
Perhaps a closer recon will tell
us if there's a more secure route.
Obi-Wan and the other
battalions are holding off the
enemy right now while they wait
for us to take out this base.
We don't have time to look
for a more secure route.
Yes, sir.
All right, listen up. We'll assemble
the squads into two divisions.
We'll move straight up this gorge
towards the airbase at the far side.
The casualties are going to be high.
Is Krell trying to get us killed?
You know, I wasn't sure that
Krell was crazy before, but now
I'm positive.
We had to retreat from the
capital because the general
pushed a flawed strategy.
Now this?
I don't know, could be fun.
Well, I for one agree
with the general's plan.
We're running out of time
and this is the best option.
No recon?
No air support?
We don't know what we're up against.
They have weapons we've never seen before.
A few of general Skywalker's
plans seemed reckless too,
but they worked.
Yeah, but general Skywalker is
usually leading his men up in
the front, not bringing up
the rear like general Krell.
A full-forward assault
would leave us too exposed.
[Indistinct chatter]
We have to look at other options.
It's going to be a
meat grinder down there.
Fives... it will help
if you ease their minds.
Oh, you mean coax them into
following another one of Krell's
suicide missions?
We lost a lot of men last time.
Krell may do things
differently, but he is effective
in getting them done.
He's a recognized war hero.
He may have had some
victories, but have you seen his
casualty numbers?
More troopers have been killed
under his command than anyone else.
[Sighs] That's the price of war, Fives.
We're soldiers.
We have a duty to follow orders,
and, if we must, lay down our
lives for victory.
Do you believe that?
Or is that what you
were engineered to think?
I honor my code.
That's what I believe.
Is everyone clear on plan? Hardcase?
Yes, sir.
Fives?
Are you clear?
Yeah.
All right, get in your groups.
Let's move out.
[Ominous music] ♪
♪
Everybody stay alert.
Fingers on the trigger.
***
what the...
Oh, Skrag. [Shrieking]
Blast it!
[Blasters firing]
Oh!
Its head is ray shielded.
We need rocket launchers!
Ahh!
Mayday, mayday. Rex, we
need rocket launchers. Now!
Get those rocket launchers down there.
Move it, troopers!
Thanks, buddy.
I got him.
[Screams]
Go.
Go, go, go!
Keep moving! Keep moving!
[Dramatic music] ♪
♪
- That was close.
- You got a point there.
Move it, trooper.
Everyone
regroup--now!
Take cover!
Move it! Move it!
We're safe for the moment. They'll
be coming around any second.
Bring up the launchers.
Spread detonators along that corridor.
Trap them into the bottleneck.
We're going to blow those things sky high.
Hurry up.
We only have a few seconds.
Here they come.
Hey! Come on!
Over here!
Right over here!
[Laughing]
[Laughing] Whoo!
[Boom]
We got 'em! We got 'em!
Good job.
All right, let's move out.
[Ominous music] ♪
♪
That one still got some pest in it.
Waste it!
Sure.
No juice left in him either.
Hey! Still hungry?
Chew on that!
Everyone, keep moving.
Hey, Kix, leave it.
♪ ♪
We've got a problem.
Fall back! Fall back now!
What are you doing?
Captain, continue your attack.
Sir, we're overpowered.
We need reinforcements.
The rest of the battalion is holding
the entrance to the gorge, captain.
They're guarding it so your troops
can break through to the airbase.
- Sir, we can't possibly--
- you must stand your ground.
Do you read me?
Captain?
Are you listening?
Do not fall back.
That is an order!
The platoons are in the
formation you requested, general.
Should I send them to
support, captain Rex?
I'll give the order when
I give it, sergeant appo.
[Troopers screaming]
Keep the wounded as quite as possible.
All right, you heard the general.
Let's go.
You can't be serious.
I used to think general Krell
was reckless, but now I'm
beginning to think he just hates clones.
The captain is right.
Now let's move out.
We can't take them head-on.
We need to find another way.
You got any ideas?
Then this is it.
Okay.
Okay. Let's do it.
[Dramatic music] ♪
♪
Boom!
[Groaning]
Come on! Come on!
Watch your left!
Rocket launchers don't
work on these things!
Oh!
Help me with the wounded!
We got to get these guys out of here.
Forget it. We have to leave them.
We can't just leave them, sir.
You don't have a choice.
That's an order.
You sound like general Krell.
Look, Kix, it's more important
to save yourself right now.
If we survive, you can
patch up the wounded later.
We're...We're finished.
We've still got some fight
left in us, tup, and I've got
an idea.
What were you thinking?
Remember what you were saying
about finding another way to
destroy those tanks?
Yeah.
Well, I have a mission for you.
CT-7567 where are you?
General Krell, we've come up with
a plan to infiltrate the airbase.
What is your plan?
I've dispatched two men on a
stealth incursion into the airbase.
They've been ordered to co-opt
starfighters and use them against the tanks.
You what?
You put this entire assault on
your hope that two clones can do
what your entire group could not?
Sir, the rocket launchers
don't work on these tanks,
and it'll be easier to slip by
undetected while the rest of us
keep the tanks occupied.
Captain, you will launch a
full-forward strike immediately!
Or you will be relieved of duty.
We need to hold out as long as we can.
I'm trusting Fives and
hardcase to pull this thing off.
The second they spot us, I start blastin'.
Hardcase, can't you take it easy for once?
Stick to the plan instead of guns blazing.
I'm sorry, it's just how I am.
My commander on kamino said my growth
acceleration chamber had a leak.
Made me hyperactive, I guess.
Shh!
There's the airbase.
Hmm. Some kind of sensor wall.
Use the the tree to get
over the sensor wall.
Uh, how am I supposed to do this exactly?
Figure it out.
"Figure it out hardcase. Figure it out."
What's to figure out
about climbing up a tree?
How about you try it next time?
[Grunts]
Great.
Great. Nice view.
I prefer a good fight to
all this sneaking around.
[Dramatic music] ♪
♪
Whoa! [Grunting]
Ah!
I never thought that would work.
[Blasters firing]
[Boom] [Blasters firing]
Hey!
- How we start this thing?
- Well, how should I know?
Start pushing buttons.
Whoa!
Look it's ray shielded.
I don't think I can do this.
Ha!
Watch out! Whoa, whoa, whoa.
[Laughing]
Let's hope this trip was worth it.
All right, let's go!
[Shouting]
Hey, Kix, bring it down.
You're wasting heat.
- What the...
- The big guns have arrived, sir.
Yeah!
Take that!
Whoo-hoo!
Yeah, whoo!
That's the stuff!
Way to go, boys!
Yeah-ha-ha!
Atta boy, hardcase!
Whoo!
All right, let's bring 'em home.
Impressive!
Sergeant, their defenses are down.
Send in the rest of our forces.
Attack the airbase!
All units move out.
[Dramatic music] ♪
♪
Despite hardcase's fly,
you two saved us all.
That wasn't so tough.
You sure?
You looked a little green when
you came out of that fighter.
Captain, report.
What is our situation?
General, we have taken the base and cut
off enemy supply lines to the capital.
Luck has smiled on you today, captain.
Consider yourself fortunate.
It wasn't all luck, sir.
A lot of men died to take this base.
The price for such victory.
Perhaps someday you'll realize this.
Dismissed.
He's the one who will never realize.
[Orchestl fanfare] ♪
♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org